# BotResponses

A container for the many creative responses produced by the Star Force bot on Discord. This is a public repository, and anyone, including you, can contribute by adding fresh responses to the lists.

- The list of work responses generated by the bot are included in the `/work_responses/` folder. Each file in this folder contains responses for a specific job.

## Guidelines

- The name or extension of a file must not be changed.
- Each work response must contain the `{{amount}}` variable.
- A work response should not be longer than 300 characters.
- Each response folder contains a `.min` subfolder. In this directory, minified files are kept for machine reading. This should be in sync with the uminified (normal) files. See the "Minifier Script" section at the end of this README file to learn more.
- Archived responses are messages that are not in use. They should be kept in the `/archived/` folder.

## List of variables

Work responses rely on variables to display information. Variables are sorrounded by two curly braces, like `{{variable}}`:

- `{{amount}}` • Returns the amount earned by the user in using the command.
- `{{randomSponsor}}` • Returns the name of a random sponsor.
- `{{randomMascot}}` • Returns the name of a random Club Penguin mascot.
- `{{random}}` • Returns a random number from 2–1000, both inclusive.
- `{{random.small}}` • Returns a random whole number from 2–20, both inclusive.
- `{{random.medium}}` • Returns a random whole number from 20–100, both inclusive.
- `{{random.big}}` • Returns a random whole number from 100–1000, both inclusive.

## Pull Requests

Our repository relies on the power of Git pull requests. Please see [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://github.com/cpstarforce/BotResponses/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute.

## Minifier Script

This repository comes with a Node.js script that minifies text that the Star Force bot can read and understand. This script minifies the response by replacing all newline characters (`\n`) with semicolons (`;`), which is exactly what the bot requires. It only supports input via a file path, and can be run from the command line.

The output file is always saved in the `.min` directory of the folder in which the original text file is present. The resulting file name will automatically match the original filename for compatibility. You can move the script in a directory as you like, but remember to keep it back in place (at `/`)!

**Example usage:**
To minify the `Coffee Seller.txt` response list file, keep the minifier script in the `work_responses` directory and run the script:

```bash
node minifier.js "Coffee Seller.txt"
# [BotResponses/minifier] Finished saving minified response list to /…/.min/Coffee Seller.txt.
```

**Example usage:**
To minify the `Coffee Seller.txt` response list file by keeping the minifier script where it should be (at `/`), you can still run the script by providing the required relative path:

```bash
node minifier.js "./work_responses/Coffee Seller.txt"
# [BotResponses/minifier] Finished saving minified response list to /…/.min/Coffee Seller.txt.
```

The path you provide is should be relative to the location of the `minifier.js` file.